So [Music]
Hi good night everyone Brasilia Thursday 19 hours in
and let's go to the door to give Mass Heavy Elisângela interpreter of pounds
Carlos nadalim that our literacy secretary at the plant wasn’t created
this one This secretariat that is very welcome has a lot of news for
present today and here Milton Ribeiro our minister of education if I can
say that you even lie both times you can speak, right, many people too
sniper collector I carry a gun and possession of a gun has passed pastor also more
how he is a pastor and a weapons collector is a thing that prevents does not have the
Bible say something about you don't have a gun don't have guns from there in time
at the time when the Bible was written at that time there what the proof
right here ap **** Including a New Testament biblical text that Jesus speaks
for Pedro to walk with a sword, buy one
sword also sell sell something buy a sword
something seeing your blanket toga this layer of water only who it passes
have to prepare for war quickly is very much a matter to deal with
today here so to regulate a bus accident
today a truck in the region next to the Alfredo de Oliveira Carvalho highway
Taguaí São Paulo with this water in São Paulo I already had there in the northeast Avaré I
I think they killed small because I confess that I talk more Dejected
left the balance of 41 sad voice sadness any death really 807
much more when they are young parents mothers children are our feelings
family friends of these victims there in Itaguaí São Paulo
And then and I pass there quite quickly here
to be able to enter the agenda more important than education then one more
Today's media story, right now and then, there are many times
I know that I receive a lot of criticism from the beach a lot because of that so the matter
that a research done by the University UERJ UFMG USP and the FS 14 universities
saying that regular physical activity reduces hospital risk by 34 percent
elapsed case I spoke back in my case I spoke in for my past and Athletic
I didn't generalize if I took the invitation I didn't understand almost anything I said I
people from the media to the mainstream media saying that I called gripezinha the collection of
there is no video or audio of me speaking in this way and I spoke for
my athletic state my past life ok i always took care of my body
you guys always practice sports after an accident I had in the brigade
parachutist or I broke both arms, two legs and the bottom right
I said it was astral and it tightens the heel region there
I really lost the condition of a top athlete in the Armed Forces and started to
just be a football peladeiro a little touch walk every now and then
swimming but I never stopped practicing sport just is never sedentary background
and said that if the invitation arrives today I would feel almost nothing for my
past and athlete it was only for fun to the side that I was belittling
the good ones I was mocking and now I have to then bro in the publication
finding lol like the same sheet I'm denying research talks from these four universities
who who repeats here exercises regular physical activity reduces 34 percent the
river without hospitalization I don't usually say I didn't hear anything
I studied, I talked, stuck there, and if you have a bad x and you were affected
of a Y also this is take medicine Z for evil x right and evil and it is also
cured you don't come to the conclusion that that medicine is for the 25 right the collection
of sub-Saharan Africa coexistence down there in the Sahara desert, very common malaria
when the person was attended as an invitation to take a look at the face,
well conclusion if baby friend friend to be soon friend to be that's not it
Simple mathematics so the conclusion was this mocking of me called Captain and
play ukulele in the now had no true alternative so if you and
else hydroxychloroquine was used always used more used more than
50 years here in Brazil I even spoke when I had the
the promised that torment because because for two days it is twice
a day they made electrocardiogram lie to me who spoke here at that time
calm it provoked us then we saw Hamilton yes the European society of
Cardiology said that the routine history did not cause us to lose one more
losing them all I don't want you to tell me to look there he didn't kick us
we researched I talked to a lot of people was aware of my
responsibility for the mask collection I will not say much because it will still
we have a serious study talking about the effectiveness of the dough it protects 100% 80
90 1041 percent will arrive at the study, I think only the last one is okay, drop it
and we always said we should preserve taking care older than me and mine
it was here too, right, did you take that Milton looks at what I prescribed? I suggested you
looking for a doctor I looked for a doctor because I was involved in the doctor was it worth it
no problem i'm here the next day was fine you can come that
he is seeing now he is seeing numbers now death per million inhabitants
another country are passing by to see how Argentina passed Brazil now how does
this collection is being treated in Argentina first we know that the
lock Down It's being the most aggressive that has knowledge and we
we see all God that a New York family saying that the vast majority of
who got infected with the food was at home it wasn't on the street at all And another thing
starting the economy now there is more to study here another one here in the
Brazil you make the Institute for Economic Research
american the name of the study course of the look down quickly here anxiety the
anxiety symptoms increased the United States three times
and increased by four times the symptoms of depression to depression our average
nobody knows what can lead to depression than knowing a person with
depression can know what it can do including kill you to death
next needs work
and another thing here also says the study that thirteen percent of respondents
said they increased their consumption of substances which is substances this is it
that the drug was increased drug use Okay, another data here
interesting that not understanding also happened in Brazil but I don’t know that
percentage the food banks distributed twenty percent more he
immense than in the normal month the question here someone here has increased weight this
year please answered Saturday tomorrow beauty a year 22 but nobody 35 sixty
percent to you or Jorge Felipe ate more tilapia to José Milton who
increased what when you increase the weight and have a hangover from the health of the person finding
that the most obese person who has the most fat in their blood saw I don’t know if
food has more problems can be affected diseases among other things
so these people were all raised here a Research Institute
American Space the same thing something similar happened in Brazil so there's
people there are mayors, right, who are already talking and new confinement Lock
Down so now it’s too late so the mayor has already been repaid he was there to give
we wake up you should have seen it for you go talking can
understand that what he did over the course of March to end I think the
people started the pandemic ok And he was the one who's in his head I did it
right I will continue one How will this change this where yesterday second round I
I'm going to give it to you, you didn't want Cida I don't know about this one
or more or less 100 municipalities will have a second round So there’s time for you to see
this and also very important, you see the party that the guy is me looking like
it's on my God, but it's hard to choose São Paulo as my
candidate lost she didn't go to the second round so far you guys
and between the snakes hips and the pocket the cup until heat that didn’t vote for me in
second round 2018 all voted for PT voted for Haddad and the other guy for pizzol
and knowing it I will not give a tip I will not enter the police here each one of these
better way your vote now in São Paulo so I'm out of this in Rio de
January took notice here a stop after the second round and even just
you put it and let's go
and also here of this here 570 million and millions of people who were in poverty
extreme in the world because of the thief quickly let me see the quick turn
come on come on national special education policy that has fast 30
seconds 30 seconds come on is a view now for the people who have
disability is an inclusion the inclusion but more than inclusion is a way
to take care of these people especially the children its the millions of people
who have some types of being all but there are millions there at school in their
Blind blind is autism problem Down syndrome 3 little nos no no
there was just to include a child playing but inside the present room we
we will not let him do that we give this option we give the family the option to decide and
we also created special classes here the digital diploma prescribed in our
voice governments are ok and you got there did not have any study
nothing more nothing nothing yet there you can it is at the beginning here but you can
help get pregnant one more adventure is what it is then how did it help digital
just know how many fake degrees there are out there I don't know either so the person
is to hire a ceded ué brings a diploma just like signed but we do not
know if real we're going to be on the Mac a bank the person is going to hire someone
enters this doesn’t have in the second quarter 2021 person enters in in fact this guy is
formed I already had problem with diplomacy you can see the Cubans was in the
government Dilma yes his diploma came here nobody had access
And then I was going to tell you a lot that most of it was a pity for us
Cubans now folks say I expelled the ones I’m going to from here isn’t
When I was elected president, we finished one year before taking office
they retreated went a lot I would like to do a
test with them to know your degree of knowledge of medicine that the reports
that we have reports, you know, information was that we had a lot
even in the Cuban secret service were the ones who stayed here I made the commitment
with him present have a revalue that we are going to do now in December the second
largest group that will provide it is good to bring the diplomas are Cuban that the
Cuban is the revalidate so something cool and I’m a long time stopped in Brazil now the
proof is not really to say that a test is difficult is a test of its own
check if you have knowledge of the year you teach, we cannot here even if
that I spoke in bed the deputy as a deputy I talked a lot in bed
all Cubans and why aren't doctors when that
serves Dilma here and her ministers because the medical team doesn’t have
Cuban since they’re so good so we’re giving it a go I said
during the same campaign as the Cubans that the campaign was not after
when we came to the presidency right that Cubans wanted to stay in Brazil
we will give acid to this thing that the PT government didn’t do it usually
when he was in the norm it’s an unbelievable Brazilian thing right that the doctor
ordered if asylum example is imported by the Brazilian government is a
unimaginable thing but the PT in the name of Democracy do all digital diploma in
my something more PG such so I will is a January 24 final stretch we
we will also have an unprecedented digital Enem this is the
a place will do it digitally if it will speed up for correction and we will have
also in particular video evidence in pounds for those who declare themselves
deaf or with some type of disability with a report preset the right to Him
first lady class is working is she doesn't just rule here I don't live there too
is sending a lot of National Program of das material book for the first
two tiny children and we have a special team to analyze
contents examples the books arrived a short time ago i'm taking and talks about some
relief nothing that taught nonsense to a child ended up if it happened to arrive by
then you can report it to us let's talk here is this material out there
that we want and we are going to distribute something the last one to the children tall parents don't
need to worry about what your son or daughter is seeing the biotechnology
well then looking for the National of the didactic material book ok so this is it
that's it too, let's go to Carla, right? Way to school then bus
want to talk about what we have to say 1742 President bus only
descending only in that year 1741 Horizonte has a particularity that is important
talk to companies have developed getting a type of bus with traction in the four
wheels for some cases that are more difficult are number of prank calls here some
quickly as is Piauí without without Minas Gerais 121 Minas Gerais is the state
which has a greater number of municipalities without going to see where the most is here
organism Santa Catarina 135 Tocantins 407 That's when São Paulo also has
do not have to São Paulo He used our minutes and they bought more than 500 buses
but they used the minutes to buy with a price
low and We accept but the money went from the state state government some and
us What was ours from here look around Everything São Paulo was close 31 and Joana
detail is this program is not just delivering some it has a cost ok course
find out how you do it and this year alone 701 million President to fix the
bus for comrade not to speak does not change the bus and now there will be no more
nothing and the bus will stay there breaking that bill is everyone keeping it
we spend on education big country 210 million inhabitants love downtown
less with children are elementary school have this idea better not
there are 20 million there and maybe there is no beach there are a lot of people but
we spend a lot on education too now a lot of people who stay are not me
complains about what is not learned now we have no way to change the education of
one year to another a Paulo Freire doctrine that at the end of the line in the proof of
Step among 70 countries, if I'm not mistaken 70 we are there, there must be Jesus on the 8th
you get a man or 70 and the subject is usually mathematics
Portuguese and sciences and in mathematics I don't have there preserves a test a
simple rule of three is not composed there three composed by two men make ten
meters of wall in 3 days you will any of these varied is being
the complete composite company that has a direct and indirect heart a rule of
three simple, right, one dollar is worth $ 5 22 How many reais is it worth?
seventy percent misses in the 9th grade of elementary school So these are numbers
really scary kid time problem had the multiplication table on the ruler or
in the pencil that you had to know nowadays ok, it's also a difficult thing
for a considerable number of boys who are in the area it is elementary school the
which is reflected at the end of the line a workforce of ours that is formed with
disability is employment time service issues that come from outside Brazil to
here you don’t have it formed inside here you can see it’s good to get you
there is none here a school I speak the name does not seem to be in trouble but
there particular renowned glue teaching the language the third sex speaking
Minimax Green boys and girls if we had so much bath, right?
a South Korea Japan tell me you could even do a
I played until I thought it was wrong to make a joke, there's a lot of attention now in
open school this what it is is not earned from it now the other side we had
the collection of some 40 days the boys visiting Look at the Student's capacity
Brazilian does not understand mathematics we went if I am not mistaken second or
third place in I was joining radio there in the economy we were two times voice I
it was on that day the young man's Brazilian capacity is name what is it that
Tom is lacking, lacking discipline, lacking hierarchy, making them really
teachers can exercise their authority in the classroom over the course of
last years I do you right O sends many times
the actions of Justice were made by a father which is worse, you know, he took his cell phone out of
the kid's hand was playing in the classroom so he could learn
the father even with action against how many parents we see in the boxing in the classroom
joins castle war fight this can even occur you have to take a
providence to prevent going to inhibit others from doing that education Our
was dropped I usually say the education was exceptional for the purpose of the PT
training militants at the end of the law was very well implemented just like the
socialism in Venezuela was very well implemented so it’s a
crap provocation complicated situation has to be chicken is possible right the
the Enem test the first one that was denied was when 2000/2010 ok it was 2,103 in
three years the other race is going to be 2022k the date to leave the 60th down in the
stepping it is already possible to get out bread What is ours our project on the Mac first
creation of the President Because literacy secretariat through the creation of
of this secretariat we started to defend the use of scientific evidence
in the design of educational policies
the player started in 98
98 the first first name is the floor P was going to be speaking so President see in
the latter steps fifty percent of young Brazilians between 15 and 16 years old
stayed at level 1 or below the level where on a process scale that goes
from one to six councilors to see oh it was down there down there So what happens
are 15 and 16 year olds and researches the scientific evidence
show that children who do not complete the literacy process in years
of elementary school, the probability is that 90 ninety-six
five percent of these children continue to fail in the third and fourth years of
Elementary School and 70 75 percent and have their school trajectory
compromised then there is a correlation between the
is well in learning to read and write in the early years and the
results on the step I give you an example in the last two editions of the evaluation
National Literacy Program for Anna in 2014/2016 55 percent of our students
at the end of the 3rd year of elementary school, they had insufficient knowledge in
president reading which means they couldn't manage to be human they knew
didn’t know how to read to reverse this situation, the bolsonaro government creates the
literacy secretariat because we understand that the first children
need to learn to read and then read to learn So we’re not
managing to make our children read and understand texts and
for those who not only for the exact beginning but only for the foundation President what
what previous government previous governments did was build a house but
build the roofs coming to university only a careful foundation
then the house is not submissive to fix it and there will be a national program
of school feeding nation as the forecast of the week with 4 high batteries
regions with the program was born from food as a large 40 of the
inch is home huh spending money and food is going where
so this is where we did we had to deliver a large part was delivered in
home my present another direct money at school That was the one Look at the
present value here 600 million and millions will be your minutes which is
we send the money to help the classes return we want the return
of classes is penis another one defends from face-to-face class Of course he is defending And we
we want president that But it doesn’t depend on us is in the hands of as
the STF decided in the hands of the mayor the governor
supportive everyone care hurt the world we want Bento our did up to a
10-year-old daughter studying here in Brasilia
distance education the mother enforces there is no conversation enforces but great
part of the kids, parents cannot charge their children, we are losing
a lot in education Brazil loses and obviously the MEC gave a favorable opinion to the
back to school one meter mine seemed to look like mine from my team there are
go back to classes protocols without taking care of us and we even wrote protocol of
biosafety we listen to the doctors just to return carefully and we send this is
important the mandamus for each school 120 thousand is practically 80 eighty thousand
prorated a few more times because there are 117,000 public schools
come on connected student program has stay must now the child can't go
for school there I no one school is provided to us 400,000
chips so that those who were now studying Federal Institute and University
could the staff have to do with what is the same thing is to Are connected to
schools are also schools in whether they are connected. These are
connected since account a case only that I was so discouraged one a director of
more Cola from Rio Presidente He said that only seventy percent of the students
could have a connection and that’s why he was going to close school and it was closed then as
only seventy percent and not 100% is the same idea that a boat is sinking
100 people have only 70 lifeguards he prefers to sink with everyone and doesn’t give
the 70 lifesavers for those who could Socorro is crazy logic
people go through a little chicken here get in some thinking games for publishing the
week that I was in the government, I was going to privatize the transposition of São
Francisco has a flow agreement ten years ago it was signed I don't know if in
Lula government Zinho government that transposing an old thing nobody
never said it's mine is we are finishing the work was stopped on average
10 years in want to privatize anything what an agreement was made that the states
beneficiaries would pay the costs of generating the electricity used for the
transposition and despite the agreement no state is paid anything to the government
this is what is being discussed is the course of generation and in our part there is
will charge I had there helps to remember what city I had there for the
interior of Ceará and fruit fruit one told me not even about your city here
appropriate to be charged Earth so be that person doesn’t even have it right and
look at news days to put people count at the time of a hundred and
and will live with a lie for a long time imagine, right in 2022, how does this
fake news broadcast you ride potentiated and by a lot of people
preaching what they preached during 2018 when I came candidate saying that the
enemy of what I was going to do evil with that is what I was going to transform the
country of male chauvinists homophobic xenophobic and among other things there
the two of you in fantasy and just without love it's ugly So what happens everyone who
passes by you passed yes the mandatory military service between ok you have
which is a fight for me to eat I was a volunteer I was already at the university
when I gave up on going, I never knew the RN always misses
get the loop realm I’m not there I wanted Milton there it was a year ago
then you must have faith What was it like to take care of your life like that
a few Serbia the army for up to eight years which was in the past the average
eight years old so when he leaves there i can't get an identity card
here it is as if it was his diploma is an age card was set for closed
all military R2 everyone can acquire their identity card
military regardless of age if I am 90 years of Holiness and can your
wallet I'm going to get in line to get in line he has to pay entrance
it's like yesterday to talk to you okay thanks for you so people two
then the identity card is released, even those who talked to me a lot
about it here I will I will I will quote his name here right everyone who
the two of us talk, right? Retired Ambassador R2 of artillery Egas Moniz
from Aragon wants to know the process so he was part of
and look at the Association of Reserve Officers
Minister Fernando the defense I want to know this matter here
and today we did the 8th edition of the repeal, seeking to reduce bureaucracy
argue today we dialogue 304 of total then grows from Decree my
government that we have already revoked was 3,397 each decree that we issued right
we signed five we sailed I paid a mission to Minister Jorge who now
is going to have your look at each decree that I am obliged to
sign by law until you have to sauté two he delivered twice
kind of the request for him and even more the total standards she revoked 12 years
is surpassed the braised in 20 years of previous governments is not I compromise
with the reduction of bureaucracy, excellent news is going well too
and we had a pandemic it started to interfere with the number of unemployed
in Brazil, the invisible, right, the informal, I want about 38
millions have completely lost their income their income very very much have generated
that he couldn’t sell anything on the beach anymore because he was overwhelmed on the beach
madness ok if the vitamin see i used to say ok i'm not a doctor i talked to
doctor who is Vitamin Vitamin D helped to inhibit, you know, to prevent you
develop if the invitation I loved the current razor, right then vitamin D
you can get some ok by taking a bath on the beach I saw an absurd scene So man
him with his son on a surfboard the military police by order of the
right governor the guy runs after the guy the healthy guy and Handcuffed
an absurd put an absurd ok then look only then to avoid unemployment there
government took several emergency aid measures the plant was created a
support program for small and micro enterprises that was created by
government but he sensitive of the law was Senator Jorginho Mello Santa Catarina I
I think the most exceptional project we have is not seeing the federal government
initiative was from the Cerrado in Senator Jorginho Mello who really held
million jobs from Brazil Our angels exchange proposal right And we
obviously we are taking a course on that so you’re not mistaken it’s not 32 billion
real costs there for us all right So look in July we already had the
such from CAGED that the General Register of Employed and Unemployed started
negative March April went down there in the employees increased too much restraint
with a formal contract but in July we had the first scene are positive
August or September another now October we had
one to change from October voice that Brazil that
eu 394 thousand jobs with a formal contract is largely due to the reduction of bureaucracy
it’s also just used to criticize many previous governments and as I voted
favorable because former President Michel Temer was far from reforming the
CLT here very special the guy got it right there are those who got the right to
no one but also in the painter the boss is still not in a cast
I even talked to Paulo Guedes, he will not show up this year as you are
difficult beginning next year we are going to create the program my first company
that keeps complaining right when I knew it’s really low I recognize it’s low but no
has a comment What is it, it reflects directly on the
retirees and pensioners and we have a huge range of retirees and
pensioners, right, it reflects on the staff there at BPC, the benefit of continued provision
reflected in the VTC also in its amount more are tens of billions of reais that
if you spend with it and you don’t have to take money anymore, whoever complains will
have a chance to set up your company the government will give a formula some help
obviously the citizen can stop being employed let him stay there for him
put the companies present from Alice I talk about this topic there about work
the United States has neither a third nor a fifth of the rights I ask no
want to go there, right, and the one of life, no one is seeing here, let's end up with
it works feeding inside shown is showing a side is a
example Brazilians when they are going to need it I don't want to come back here but it is
something What and it’s not easy for you to move something
thing here don't accuse me wanted to end right from the goal I showed you just
an example money continues to exist from the reform of the fear it was also proposed
2002 and then what is left did the internet was very little Few people
internet here in times and mineiro still a lot of people used on the phone as
is that is the name internet on the phone there man because the internet disclosed that whoever
that faithful voted in the House ok ahead division I already worked this had returned
to end the guarantee fund as it was this 13th lie pregnant license
because this right is guaranteed in article 7 of the condition and not by any other
amendment proposal that I couldn't get out of there because that according to
lawyers are stone clauses and that was done was not proposed in law so
what did it say reads something i wanted for example have vacations for
take away could you negotiate your vacation receive the two vacation launch
anticipate Flames was called flexible no one will lose right and it's not a pity
flexible and at that time and voted in favor picked up much of the
Press is where the PT grew up made the biggest bench of Federal Deputies of the bed
that I will lose that was against your proposal but in fact everything that is
tie the most very rigid you end up having prejudice is like a marriage
When someone else is jealous to the extreme naughty wedding, that's right, so how much
that my wife is not my husband that he is doing what she is doing
doing comes home and starts ends up having a problem or in the labor collection
it's the same thing the boss is a lot to see pay a little more but when he sees
at the front, if it presents, it’s breaking, it’s not selling anything anymore and
going to have to fire someone is so much right to pay that the
and you have to sell his factory the house the parrot dog for him to pay
money so that's why I had a big boarding
work so flexibilizing doesn’t mean ending up Wait a minute she was just
missing the globe will not say tomorrow here on my Live today right I said that
I'm going to end up with a day's work, it's okay to keep this little piece because
get to go and show you that this is not what was treated here look
Amapá's energy at dawn yesterday was 100% reestablished the problem
began November 3rd if it weren't for the federal government forecasting
two-month vacation is back to normal, that is, only the third of January folks
Passadinha Christmas and New Year Amapá personal without electricity personally
color is not the competence of the state it is this energy network But what we did you
knows solidarity of respect for the people of Amapá to attend a great peace
the bench of Amapá to meet the president of the senate to see how that
also looked for and when it burst it just goes up the example of were not
up that he right but we serve everybody information
need passed to us by the by the president of the national congress on the day
following Bento Albuquerque our minizoo viewpoint mine mine he was already
over there in Macapá and started to address the issue who in the first place
and to supply energy at the most sensitive points in the army and navy she you
it was not because there was just a lack of more business units in the region, I had to
weight of the navy and army generators of ours immediately was us too
took action as transporting generators from Manaus to the state of Amapá
in the region slept for 40 players who were connected in series and
little by little they were restoring energy to work 24 hours a day
of employees of the Servants of the Ministry of Mines and energy of the Forces
Armed the locals there the firefighters the locals Civil Defense from there is to indicate
is also a national operator of the system is a National Electric Energy Agency and
source We started working 24 hours a day last sat there was that
complained that I hadn’t gone I have an appointment ok you couldn’t
if you are a commitment to go visit just do a presence operation until
here we articulate eat seriously even he day all the hours have passed and
energy started to be restored 40 50 60 70 percent Saturday was at the meeting
it was Saturday the 20th started Saturday won the 20th it was until two in the afternoon one of the
later that afternoon I went there to show solidarity to talk and we did
have to do and gave a spoon shake back with a street Lage de Macapá
caught fire on the ready son and yours Besides I do demagogy here that
flower story and another one just happens
here, the distribution of energy is only privatized
inspection by the Ministry of Mines was lacking and the flea is already pulling the
responsibility well for good news the day before yesterday wednesday at
dawn 3:30 am on the 24th and the substation transformer insurance
from Macapá that sells heavy rafts goes from Manaus and the stock exchange was turned on and
restoring without percent of Amapá's energy Look what you need to do and the
minister Bento is doing in addition to determining responsibility right we will see
now that now competes ring with an agency to see here what possible sanctions
possible possible charging guidelines can be made with the energy so that
this doesn’t happen again last case here if Robson he’s stuck in
Russia since the beginning of last year he came with the medicine there that we are
here there is no problem but for Russia and to be considered a drug Then he
arrived to open his suitcase had the medicine ready the side went home there in Russia
30 days later he was summoned and arrested for what came to my knowledge
I also talked that João or Fernando, who is now playing in China
ok all the measures were taken everything was done to help but justice
and the collection of drugs there in Russia is very serious is not common in Brazil not
we had time is arrested with cocaine and the Liberdade post a Custody hearing
he right and then the staff asks for an interference Our joined the president
from Russia well what we know and is from previous home, right?
similar to him that the one on the street knows is he granted the pardon Or sent the person from
back to serve his sentence in his country the matter of a few weeks was there the
our downloader for Russia delivered a letter Our was with the senator brings
I am not mistaken there in Mato Grosso do Sul is your deal in the second with him was
there we made contact there was no contact was made there with the equivalent of
Minister Ernesto aee is in progress and now but the decision of the Russian government
happens after the trial until the trial there is no possibility right
says how difficult it is to resolve the matter You are waiting for the outcome of this collection
and if God wants we can bring the hobby back here it has nothing to do
with another drug dealer who was arrested in the past and sentenced to death
the country that other I exchange cocaine in hiding this one has nothing yet
Robson doesn’t have any change, it was a remedy that for us here is
sold on prescription but out there to Russia and this is drug and it is not
discuss why I’m here with what is this graphogame here that would cause by
full game President Today we are here pre-launching this
application that was created is here in lland to find out what Finland is
a world reference in education an application that supports literacy is
a teacher support tool to assist children in the education process
literacy Originally my grandfather game was created to help help
those children and faced difficulties in learning to read
but today all children can use it so the graphogame is for children between
four and nine years old and those children who are in education
child preparing for formal literacy those in the
literacy period and those who eventually did not learn to read from the
expected way the game here and are not traveling there i will turn around already
it's on the beach it's working right a little bit here
and this is a laptop, use Bel Bel's phone, then you can see the iPhone phone and
Android So I'm going to show you here gives a stimulus on the right letter so that
He only said F10 boy here, it’s not, it’s going to be disapproved in the first
all good again so see here the various distractors
letters that are gone for literacy This is a tool an instrument
constitutes the teacher he aid profession is a tool in the exact right there
including President tomorrow we have a specialist here who
made this adaptation of the graphogame for Brazilian Portuguese is the first version
of the game for Brazilian Portuguese we already have time tomorrow before the morning
this tomorrow morning we are going to launch the graphogame today is a pre-launch right
deserved it even then the consumption of Finland turn to the event and this
this application it has already been used in more than 30 countries adapted It will be there in
INEP's Education Center and look at Dória Rico there is no ambassador of the
Finland for Hello and Going is now available right on
stores you can free of charge similar to the game of Million of Silvio
Santos O Jogo do Milhão right What is the shape of water h2oh is the shape of salt water
how is the function and the shape of the Sun this is it
sodium chloride Santos chloride you want to be a girl squeeze in the day I will have
what to do thing will have the proof you to see if you will your passes here on
the group here, you know what you are going to press here
did not know you are extremely important the update is the first step to the
foundation person to present himself in the world of what will be open in front of him the
a person who doesn’t know how to read doesn’t know how to interpret is very common here is if
say if it is given 2s its errors are very common and go this here is a times it
this first class here is a sound and the person will call the exact letter
of course, there are other classes too, increasing smoothly Ok, what is the proposal
of the graphogame Until the child knows the sound of letters
in syllables the words are within a progression the child is associating
the sound of the Letters afterwards according to the first syllables until reaching the reading
of words so President what is interesting there is a lot of talk in this period
now of social isolation whether or not you like science is an app is the
scientific backing there is evidence there is scientific evidence that supports the
use of this application that we are going to make available to ease the
impact of free social isolation on pregnancy for 12 months and
President what you have to do here is a public thanks to the Minister and
also the executive secretary of the MEC Minister Milton he really managed
assemble an excellent team there in the executive secretariat that makes it possible
the launch of the graphogame and other actions that we will present shortly will
pass it on to young people out there and the people from Augusto Nunes who give us
follow it thanks for the free assignment of the signal to us right is my Facebook
YouTube is a total of 33,000 Pingo Doce 67,000 Jovem Pan Jovem Pan News 10,000
from 77 to 80 thousand three times more than I younger plant three times better
than I want it to increase more right, always ask when our Live is over
here call at Jovem Pan pingo nos is Augusto Nunes' team for us
comments that not recent stepped on the ball we will correct next week
in the next Live Nossa here so we also have a focus on Brazil 3,000 Folha
Policy 2000br News 2000 Thank you internews now entering total then
of 120 thousand people for the number that I have in front here in front of people
a lot of saliva with 120 thousand and obviously there are people who replicating the signal is not
know but there must be over 10,000 people watching th
the questions here from the Jovem Pan song
AM the schools that sanitary in
did not understand what I am going to the measure taken by the Ministry of Education was the
of is by transferring resources the education networks we prepare
the return to school we know what is the position of the minister's president with
relation to this period that we are going through then the secretariat of
literacy, right? I am manufacturing secretary, I can only talk about the
secretary made a cut of 183 million there in the emergency pdde that was created
by the Ministry of Education to serve schools In this period of return to
classes in preparation for return to school
we only want the good of the students the good of the Parents peace of mind for the parents
o and at first this a large amount parents who were
opposed to back in class this number was presented in reverse has
diminished I don’t know nowadays but I think most are already in favor of
the presence back one more part another considered is contrary has some
entity the council someone is defending is isolation for students until the
end of next year has I i have been having some conversation already with our
National Council of Education that I point to the end I naturally respect
Open the end of the year 2021 lecture class but it is an indication that the class will be
that we're still going to be on the effects of all that nobody knows the future the
that I'm going to talk to our national commission is to leave it the way
After all president I define nothing who defines if he returns to class
whether or not you are Mayor and Governor now if I have a decision from the MEC saying that
it's 2021 all unions all groups that are opposed to the return of
class they will say that it is a decision of the Federal Government look guys I want
try to explain here is a bill was passed this year that got to my
table for sanction or veto again is about invitation and there the articles said
the following that the products to combat the invitation produced United States
Japan and the European Union and China if it arrived in Brazil
Anvisa would have 72 hours to approve it will authorize the distribution and application
I vetoed this device PT the congress overturned the veto So look at that we have
then the sea I don’t say War anymore Not some
deadlocks over independent Anvisa vaccine does not help a governor
Zinho then we know he was going to be criticizing.
independent ok those who know the wires nowadays take your hat off after taking into account
some of the members that occupied the warning was a terrible thing ok
I want to accuse all integrated life but some were there for the interests
warning nowadays to be able to have a true lesson in patriotism of love for your neighbor
of humanism regarding the virus making decisions and turning night made
a lot now it's just a law obliging Anvisa in 72 or in my place and
distributing products that are certified in other countries there is not up to me ok
and I what to depend on me right and Molten to lose me make it very clear
after any medicine you understand vaccine, right, so it’s not
medicine for a vaccine to prevent a disease go through education
for health and is certified by Anvisa the federal government will buy this
material and will make it available to the population free of charge and voluntarily
so there is a concern from everyone that other interests may be
involved in this collection of the vaccine is very much the interest of a governor there and
I wanted to save his life, he was very concerned that I even think that he
died today she goes to heaven who Santos is so worried about
save life, ok, it's a saint with tight pants, but it's ok, the thing is
serious about it in terms of responsibility there and
what I'm going to fight I'm going to do I'm going to do that I think With all due respect to
Parliament that I went to regret is also the overthrow of this veto of mine is
it didn't go well seeing we don't want to delay anything so much it's here once
Anvisa certified any medicine any vaccine from our
immediately part of ours we will arrange the purchase and the program
no National Plan for Immunization of the patient ready there, health for us
pass the one that I'm not going to ask here for Milton or for anything right
did we get the vaccine or not ok i tell you i will not take it is a
mine right and i'm sure parliament will not create difficulty
for those who do not want to get a vaccine because those who do not get a vaccine
it is effective if it is long-lasting if it is reliable you know that not taking it is doing it
harm to yourself and whoever gets vaccinated and will not be infected So you have to
worry about 200 guys who want to work with me did not take me too i'm clear
you who have not taken that I missed you have already started the mandatory vaccine I
I asked I put it on my Facebook page I didn't have my dog
side mandatory vaccine only for Spark the world fell on my head saying that
I wanted to vaccinate Obligatory life for the dog puppy
hit the anti-rabies transfer Gee, you can't say anything that leads to evil
all the time everything i told you for badness he is despising the dead he
is ignoring it is making little case is being to be able all the time right
part of it is good to talk globe globe leaf Estadão is doing it all the time
exchange this correction this drug company with responsibility that has to have me
I have responsibility and I saw a lot of very young people, my doctor says that
takes a mandatory vaccine and now I wanted to wait for it to happen
what the country that is making this vaccine available to us pays
purchased, apply in your country X for example the vaccine is very good and how many
inhabitants has your father has 20 thousand inhabitants someone took the vaccine no
you will take here now I personal maintenance We don't know Nobody knows
you don’t even know a right glass yet What is the possible side effect of the virus
each one can think a million things is his right now to compel the
Citizen taking a vaccine whoever does not get it will not be able to get a passport ok
will be able to help there Open Lu account at Banco do Brasil I swore I can't do
public tender is not allowed to travel by plane, this was another dictatorship
Oh and whoever defends it The Dictator or else he is a Ford of pain that is in the mood
doing business I'm making it clear I'm in order to do business with the lives of
others are all concerned with the effects of the virus one of the effects, right for
who has OB or advanced age, I'm in the advanced age group
may be the habit of regrets in may be a lot like our people who are in
home and is keeping the vaccine and says he will take any emptiness is the right
we will offer the vaccine but it has to go through Anvisa
and I'll tell you straight away that one day I'm really there, the doctor there / Antônio / yeah
a serious doctor person had Nativa for 40-something years working in the Navy
from Brazil a man before and wants it to be and does the serious thing is like this story
six million doses involve in January the patron saint our minister of
health was no congress today is scheduled he was in conversation explained
that the validity of January is for a spare box was valid until
2020 22122 nothing will win and what happens with these tests you distribute
to state and municipality according to the request and according to a study that is done
municipality has 10,000 inhabitants asked for 20,000 the wrong thing
contact with the secretariat there was an error there Let's get it right now 16 million
of doses has an exposure in São Paulo is that there was no asking
and they will be used for sure so it has state and municipality that say what
she even apply here the test to find out who is infected but not
we have staff to do work there you come another question he think i said
Augusto Nunes a Hi guys good night Minister Milton
Ribeiro
the Ministry of Education can do to end the most extensive quarantine
world school that is existing in Brazil yet of course I can only
express what i can do express my will that the lessons returns
because that is at hand and mayors and governors according to decision
according to the law does not allow Minister Milton to arrive at the
Ministry talked to me a lot that he was concerned about the effects
negative effects of the period of social isolation and removal of children from
schools was when it was an urgent matter we launched the bill collection
for me here President I am very proud to have launched by the Ministry
of Education with the support of the Minister of the National Day of Early Childhood Education a
collection with 40 titles for parents and teachers to cultivate the habit of reading
children are made we know the benefits and the positive impacts says
for education as if that were not enough the minister is also accompanied the
launching the production course is written production practices is a course inspired
in this formation was given in the state of Paraná president in 1978 see how the
our teachers were trained, you know, activating the language in Portuguese
through modules 6878 7 8 see here you don't find anything i was on
first year informed my there by the Military Academy of Agulhas Negras and
it was the year I was born so we launched it
I'm really old. Okay, the President is here too. We are proud of Minas Gerais.
Time to Learn program we already have in the course in the online version is not that it has
as target audience teachers from the top floor to the school and from the first two
years of elementary school and also any interested Vale
and you know this course over 270 thousand subscribers we are more the first
placed on the Ava MEC portal that the Ministry of Cation portal that hosts
online courses are more than 4 million hits and we also have more than four
thousand and four hundred or kataguiri 4400 adhesions to the intentions program with the
city ​​hall prefectures are being 5 thousand and so municipalities so we act the
MEC worked to minimize the impact of the removal of children from schools
and there is more the minister will soon announce President a program action
Time to Learn then the Brazil Portugal partnership with the participation of
Caps was fundamental and we are going to bring training to Brazil for
literacy teachers called ABC science-based literacy and
in this course our teachers are valued and will receive training
with international standard So how are you working to minimize the
impacts of removing children from schools and we have these political issues
right, they are involved but we in the secretariats are doing the most
to minimize what's going on with our children and new all of us
we owe our training to teachers i was forever grateful to my
teachers I had I remember some names remember I studied in 1964 at
school group Coronel Siqueira de Moraes in Jundiaí I remember going there to
person you you are she her name saw you you and i remember my side sat student
Rosana when I put you sitting next to the girl you were embarrassed
a punishment without suffering and we are there I learned something, right, that is missing
something for us to improve education i'm all We remind the
we are grace they are wonderful memories of them ok and we owe each
increasingly value the teacher giving back to him that a part was taken
right the classroom authority in the middle sorry here you will not do that
go for me some I'm in the classroom the teacher entered does not have to get up
have to call the teacher the Lord teacher the lady doesn't have to be
treatment that way But unfortunately that was little by little
being relaxed relaxed and the consequences also as we said in the
start of the Pisa test program ours down there and this is bad for the
But we cannot import services import professionals that we do not train
certain type of process type of professions in Brazil here contains it
This is a change that takes time and we’re doing our best to
achieve this goal aa collection of 2 I do not yet exist in Brazil have to
avoided is combated classroom a place for child to learn a
profession learn to read and write math biology chemistry and don't get
then being indoctrinated to be a good activist is ahead does not lead anywhere
none for you guys we are spending an hour here let's go good
night Good night I would like to know how the school is doing
establish 216 schools in this model by 2023 i strongly believe it will be
fulfilled How is the Accession of States thank you good night good night president '
I received the news President dear journalist that the State of Paraná he
only the state of Paraná decided by Assembly the model of civil school
and if you everywhere I go President every Mayor all authority
parents ask for this model of school is that the MEC we have no leg to be able
meet everyone but what I understand is that everyone is wanting to return to
this model where there is a little more respect for coordination is within the
classroom we are tired of seeing teacher being beaten up by student in class
class is always at the fair here I do not reach the goal at all the states of the
Congratulations to Amazonas and Goiás for over ten years they adopted the school
militarized basically the ones who teach mostly are military police
Military Firefighters and the notes of these kids hit up there in any
proof ne approval percentage speaking speaking in relation to the other schools of the
Brazil is it is up there has a school that a whole
Hello everyone and basing what he leans on here we are here for lack of
the pandemic was delayed a lot we wanted to open it at the beginning of the year
comes the Military College of São Paulo is the embryo ok was created there in the CP the rd
São Paulo the few students are attending but unfortunately only in 22
that we can go on to foresee It will be there in the field says Campo de Marte a school
really phenomenal military man I'm even going to talk here I was meeting in
São Paulo with a group of entrepreneurs right in the pre-campaign starting the campaign in
given an invitation they say help for financial campaign has not
I could more help how and how to donate right Business right and I
I told him if I didn't thank him for the financial help but I would like them to
get me the recourse after the elections [ __ ] didn’t understand anything can
staying here is money after they get legal help twice for
make the Military College of São Paulo commit the resource moment is early
of the union and we go here to school on the verge of being completed as we go
looking for Fiesp I had yesterday with Paulo Skaf I didn’t touch on this subject but I’ve already
I talked with the last year on this subject to his interest as well
Fiesp to help this school by putting laptops and wallets there helping
the painting for that final work of the Colégio Militar in São Paulo that will be
one of the largest Military College in Brazil during the campaign will charge me right I
I said that I would like to create a military college in each state capital that
still haven't and delayed and a lot of people buy and coconut
budget management is just like agreeing the Income Tax table I
wanted to advance the conversion of the pandemic delayed us in the economy so a lot
thing delayed We managed to make a big victory for the federal government was the
maintenance of jobs mom awaits you as the economy is coming back to see
as you say thanks Paulo Guedes is coming back to see that we downloaded
April May inspection was down there exceeded almost a million
unemployed in those few months and more when he arrived here in July
react so much is that in the month of October now almost 400 thousand new ones were created
jobs in Brazil so school education and the future is ours we are here in
entering the five ways, it's Artificial Intelligence academy more
computerized or so look at the two months ago I joined a
corn harvester are turning on video you press a button at
GPS goes away now you have to know what that thing is there, the driver or not
you have to have it, you have to have a knowledge to operate that you have
knowledge of the soap opera I asked a question health is
What's up
Good evening Minister Milton Ribeiro Pires start of the administration of the President Bolsonaro
there was a proposal to transfer to the Ministry of Science, Technology and
higher education you very good acceptance here in the educational area because it would leave
the federal government ministry of education centered on elementary education there is the
possibility of making this change I wanted that if I also talked about the
payroll weight of the Ministry of Education looks at swimming looks at what what
the following happens I the pandemic the covid-19 disease she just
paralyzed some administrative actions and this matter I came up with four
months, I did not have the opportunity to talk in depth with Minister Marcos Pontes Mas
I believe that in the future we can even study this but for now we
there is nothing defined about this topic of the possible transfer of School
Superior that is a very very big man complex confection company
even look who it was was the thread here said that ok Question here I go
use but Maria to Maria a and the Green Party filed a lawsuit in the
Supreme know how browsing and asking that in the case the sad list that
comes to my knowledge get to my desk I be thank you choose the
first on the list
and look, this is really going, I don't know which one
will be Supreme attention but if it is to choose the first one on the list because it has
that arrive at my desk to sign that the act of possession of that one
new rector that I decide to skip has university autonomy are close to
University sovereignty nobody wants I don't want to interfere politically place
none but what is common to get to my desk is Philips then Diego research
research a person's life people bring information that it reaches our
front comes from there comes information to this guy this is from PSOL this other from PT
this other fabric, we should not choose anyone for the
ideological issue but we see that they are militants and which one you choose
In this regard, you have to use this non-most suitable criterion to exclude yourself
Not someone on your list but is committed and committed now is Here
we also became aware that That University is ranked the Ace
the reappointment for being there last put that guy shouldn't be
reappointed I can choose the third insurance from the list the first one that comes
for reappointment until the intention of place and then the Green Party in the PV to withdraw
money our Supreme will decide was deciding being decided on a
I was missing the virtual session, the report was the beginning for those who
Paraná ok And then Someone asked for Vista there and it will be in person Okay it will be
then go back and discuss it again so what
I more and more have no power to decide I think there was a
election EA law says they are the top three for the Republic price
decide which problem because at the moment the PT doesn’t become trying to change
that's because just because the store issue spoke louder
no one is in the PT to meddle in anything and President Dilma Lula chooses
whoever wants to be on the list with the most votes or no one ever had when
it came to me has to change with me now now what we want from
University change if someone As said here being reappointed
regardless of his PT membership thinking to see the people who are very common
and if Olivia is already back there, that person from mine is not well ranked
understand i'm going to make time for space one of the other two this is how unfortunately
education in my Got it was set up in Brazil we want to change
I don't want to put a guy from the right there to the extreme right with this one
accuse I want to put a different one from the one that is not working I was
giving sky to end is dangerous I ended President a lot of people
asking here what a teddy bear is, having Cyril is the mascot of the show
for me at the Ministry of Education a program that highlights the role of the family
in the Children's literacy process of course we are not
encouraging families to literate early weight at home but the
contribute to promoting through simple development activities by
example of the language of the little ones are on the website of the education ministry
President, we have the collection that counts for me with this. There are 40 types Like me
said is available for free until the father tells free Fire to
download the copies in less here doesn’t have that story of the King who wanted
marry the daughter the princess not ok guys
I remember the family Remember for God's sake the books of a few years ago validate the
PT government the prince fell in love with the princess daughter for the love of god ended
that nobody that is what your child learns this classroom nobody wants
that the child in the classroom, you know, teach him that it doesn’t matter that he is
going to say the 12th century three years old this leads nowhere led
only delay and the parents are the ones who give sex education to the frieze I can take
Congratulations nothing but Milton tooth present I would like to make just one
registration today is national thanksgiving day and we have to thank
a lot to God for everything he has done and given us and this is a law to
law 781 of August 1949 by President Dutra so here is the
record gratitude to God for all we have is
And then on Sunday, I'm going to Rio de Janeiro, I'm going to vote, people already know who
will come back that I campaigned for Marcelo Crivella I don't care
research that never research item and whoever goes to the second round good luck a
good decision and thus take into account the party to which that candidate in the second
shift belongs to what What party defends has always defended the ideology of
gender right wear our family members ignoring education a lot of things
see what these parties defended I posted so don't vote for this candidate for
party presidency you know is pt B B PSOL PDT among others over there is
this appeal that I make because in the future your son will pass through the hands of this
Mayor This mayor will decide if things are going to be closed and what
matter it will be taught in the classroom what it will defend what many
times this candidate favored him and promised a party related to him
because it is for Rio de Janeiro candidate for mayor has already promised opsol about the
education you get tired right don't complain and the garbage that your child will have when
arrive in the classroom hugs everyone thank you very much for that presence
thank you Young Pan staff for young catch up to hear the comment from
Augusto Nunes and I am a team of journalists
What's up